/**
 * questions
 *
 * Computer Science 50x15
 * Problem Set 4
 * Alessio Occhipinti
 * github.com/LasaleFamine
 *
 * Reveal Mr Buddy image
 * Usage: ./whodunit infile outfile
 *
 */
       
0.  
    BMP: 32 bit, over 4 billion colors;
    GIF: 8 bit, 256 colors;
    JPG: 24 bit, 16 million colors;
    PNG: over 16 million colors (with 24-bit color).
    
1.  
    only GIF.
    
2.  
    "Lossy" means that can be compressed with the consequence of losing quality. 
    "Lossless" files, like PNG's, retaining color information when they are compressed.

3.  
    JPG is lossy-compressed
    
4.  
    In FAT (File Allocation Table) file system two things specificaly:
    First: the system changes the file's name first character in the file's directory entry to signal the deleting of the file.
    Second: the system moves all the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of free cluster.
    The actual data is never touched.
    
5. 
    You can ensure the deleting in three ways:
    1) Destroy physically the drive;
    2) Make it unusable;
    3) Overwrite all the datas, so that can't be recovered.

6.  
    stdinit.h header contains new types of integer that are not include in C99 standard.
    These new types are useful especially in embedded enviroments.

7.  
    It's good to make clear that we want to use the data in that specific way.
    unit16_t means an integer that is 16 bits wide
    
8.  
    BYTE is 1 byte
	DWORD is 4 bytes
	LONG is 4 bytes
	WORD is 2 bytes

9.  
    The first two bytes of BMP is a WORD and denotes the bfType, which is the specification of the file's type.
    To indicate BMP file it must be set to signature word BM (0x4D42).
    
10. 
    bfSize: the size, in bytes, of the BMP file.
    biSize: the size of the structure, in bytes.
    
11.     
	If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB (device-independent bitmap)
	and its origin is the upper left corner.
	
12. 
    Is the biBitCount that determines the number of bits tha define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.
    
13. 
    fopen in copy.c:37 will return NULL or if "copy" program doesn't have permissions to write a new file or
    if you don't specify the file new file name when you run the program.
    
14. 
    Because the program is reading in 1 RGB triple at a time.
    
15. 
    The padding would be 3, because 3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel * 3 padding = 12,
    which is a multiple of 4.
    
16. 
    Literally: sets the position indicator associated with the stream to a new position.
    
17. 
    Is an integer constant which, when used as the whence argument to the fseek or fseeko function,
	specifies that the offset provided is relative to the current file position.
	
18. 
    So Mr Buddy is a blue-dot guy (I presume from CS50) with a cat on his hands :D.
